what's going on guys this is birds I'm
here to talk to you about the Cody
Lundin inspired water bottle this is a
Nalgene 32 ounce bottle I'm gonna go
over the thoughts on why it's the way it
is and what can be done to improve it at
least originally what I thought this is
from the book 98.6 degrees the art of
keeping your ass alive Cody Lundin now
my initial thoughts where I looked at
this and said why the hell do you need
paracord there when you already have a
lip here you can put paracord down
underneath like such right
so those my initial thoughts was Brad
the paracord site and make your own
little thing or which or wrap it around
here which is not going to come off I
thought wow it's such a waste of yeah
why would you wrap it there and I
thought about and I thought well because
the prospect of if you wrap it around
like this then it's going to move around
like this okay or if you wrap around
here your water bottle watch our bottle
can move around like this right and I
thought well you're gonna need something
stationary you drop your your water you
know when with some water source you're
getting it stationary to catch the water
so and that's one reason that imagine
yeah made that there I can't talk
anything about the tape that tapes a
great idea that's one of the greatest
things you can take out with you so then
the thought came to mind and I've had
people ask me why in the hell would he
not take a metal water bottle so you can
boil water you wouldn't have to worry
about all this fuss well there's a few
reasons at least from reading the book
that I gather now number one the book is
mainly around being simple creating a
fire is freakin hard when it comes down
to not having a lot of resources and if
you were to have
at least this is the way I have my
disaster bank setup if you were to have
bleach in a water bottle
watch her bottle then you know and you
have a cloth of some sort you can siphon
out some clear out some filter out some
sediment you're pretty good to go
whereas if you had a metal one number
one you know that devised something it
to find some kind of tape to wrap around
the top type of paracord to drop it in
and get the water if you're gonna do
that which I found some tape that's 400
degrees I think it's silicon tape and
I've actually been debating about making
something like that and seeing how holds
up to the campfire and all that since up
here is not direct down here is more
direct Heat
but you'd have to create a fire which if
you read the book you'd know that he
explains it as a complex skill versus
something simple as tying a knot and
dropping it down getting water and
dropping some bleach in which I kinda
would say dropping some drops of bleach
into water actually getting drops might
be a complex motor skill it could be to
be of its finer complex but either way a
few drops of bleach into this is a lot
simpler than creating a fire for this so
there is that the other thing with this
water bottle is it's gonna last forever
I mean the both can last forever so
they're kind of even there so those are
my thoughts on the water bottle I've had
I've had a lot of people just discuss
this with me I've never had one until
this moment where I made it for the
camera so I guess I added to my kit you
know because I do believe in the I
honestly I never had the thought of
wrapping the paracord for dropping it in
a water source so that's a good idea
and I'll take it so you guys got any
ideas questions thoughts on this
water bottle go ahead and put them in
the comments or make a video response
I'm all I'm gonna say is use now Jean
it's made in the USA you can't see it
because I covered it with the tape made
in the USA I can't say enough about now
Jean they make great stuff the best made
in u.s.a so there is that if you guys
got any questions let me know and put
your video responses down there and till
next time later